From nobody Mon Dec 19 00:49:50 2016

Hi Mayank, 
 Remember our last discussion?  
 I mentioned a few things that a college student is interested in but needs help for. 
 As promised last time, today I am going to talk about the specifics. 
 Let's start, then ? 
 Here are the things Youth4Work can help you in: 
 
 
Study Material: Yes you have your own college course. But this is over and above that. Think about this - each one of your batchmates will be completing the same course as you. So what makes you special? The answer is specialized courses designed to upgrade your skills. Read the last three words again. Upgrading your skill - that's what matters. 
 
 2. Assessment (Tests): How do you tell the companies, professors and even your peers that you are better in a specific skill than others? Well, you give a test for that and get a score. We have tons of tests specially designed to test the skills that are most important to you as a student and later on, as a young professional. Study Materials + Tests can help you land up some good internships, and even jobs. 
 3. Report: College report cards are kind of boring, aren't they? Well, of course they are. We have some amazing analysis for the tests and questions that you attempt. For example - we can tell you that for EVERY question that you attempted - were you FASTER or SLOWER than the average solving speed! This, plus a lot more. The goal of the report section is to give you insights into your skill-set. 
 4. Forums: A college-specific forum with discussions just around things that interest you and have your college students as participants is immensely powerful. Youth4Work is a community platform. Community and platform - both immensely powerful concepts. Forums can also help in establishing a good rapport with with your seniors and college alumni. Which brings us to the next point: 
 5. Alumni Connect: A college is as influential as its alumni. The students who have studied there and went on to have important positions in big corporations as well as startups. Using Youth4Work you can connect with your seniors as well as your alumni. 
 6. Blogs / Lecture Uploads:  You know you can access the lectures of your class / college from Youth4Work? In fact, you can also be the one to upload it there. Universities across the world are experimenting with "open courseware" - where entire courses or lectures are uploaded online for anyone to access. IITs, MIT, Harvard, Stanford - everyone is doing it, so why not JIIT-Jaypee Institute of Information Technology ? 
 Does that sound interesting ? Does that sound like a lot?  
 Well, as I said - we looked at what all a student of JIIT-Jaypee Institute of Information Technology like yourself might need and just went ahead and built it. 
 We so hope you can make use of all these amazing tools going ahead. 
 In the next few emails, I will talk about each of the individual items listed above. And will try to give a reason for you to use these. 
 Once again, here is a link to your college page on Youth4Work: 
JIIT-Jaypee Institute of Information Technology Check it out. We already have many of your batchmates registered here.

